Are you crazy?
Who are you dad
Why are you here?
If I don't come
I didn't know these beasts bullied you like that
Who am I to be the poor father of a pariah?
Pardon me?
Look at your outfit
If it is not a migrant worker or a sanitation worker
It should be a farmer who just got out of the field and planted seedlings, right?
Get out of here, little old man
Don't delay my drinking
Why do I feel that Qiuyan's father looks familiar?
Don't poor people look poor?
Shut up dad
You go back first and I'll deal with it.
I'm not going. I want to see his dog's mouth
What else can you say?
What to go
Your daughter has to pay for breaking my cup.
It's not my house, is it your house?
He is also a stinky old man, so he probably can't afford it.
Let them apologize for the position of women
Don't poor people like sad-fishing the most?
Hey hahahaha
Rebellion, you
Oh, oops, lobularitis.
Take care of your dad
Otherwise, Ye Hou will not look good on you.
Bunch of idiots
I am Ye Zhenghai, the richest man in your mouth
I am the relative of the Ye family
Can I not know my own father?
This crazy old man
Get out now
You say yes
Talking in my sleep in broad daylight
Excuse me, is this the home of Ye Zhenghaiye's richest man?
Yeah, what's wrong?
I'm from the photo studio
Group photo of the richest man and the eldest lady
It's already tied and framed.
Where did you hang it?
It just so happens that you said that you are the richest man in Ye
You say you are the eldest lady
We have nothing to say.
Just look at this group photo, isn't it clear?
Is that a good idea?
Don't worry, miss
I'll prove it to you now.